---
title: dscjobs.py
---

On 11.01.2022, the first programmatic Implementation of the API was released: 

[DscJobs.py](https://github.com/ZeroTwo36/dscjobs.py/) by ZeroTwo36 is an async Python Implementation of the API.

# Using DscJobs.py  
## Installation  

By this point, the Library is not available on PyPI, but can be installed using any of these methods:

#### Via PiP
This is propably the easiest way you can do it:  
* If you're on MacOS or Linux, paste this command:
  ```sh
  pip3 install git+https://github.com/ZeroTwo36/dscjobs.py.git
  ```
* Or, for Windows
  ```cmd
  pip install git+https://github.com/ZeroTwo36/dscjobs.py.git
  ```

#### Via GIT
Git is a little more complicated but still no Problem:

* Linux/MacOS:
```sh
git clone https://github.com/ZeroTwo36/dscjobs.py.git
cd dscjobs.py
python3 setup.py install
```
* Windows:
```cmd
git clone https://github.com/ZeroTwo36/dscjobs.py.git
cd dscjobs.py
py setup.py install
```

#### Via WGet
If both of the above Methods fail, feel free to use the more complicated but failsafe method:
On Linux/MacOS:
```sh
wget https://dl.zerotwo36.repl.co/pack/dscjobs.py.txz
cd dscjobs.py
python3 setup.py install
```
On Windows:

```cmd
powershell
wget https://dl.zerotwo36.repl.co/pack/dscjobs.py.txz
::Use a Zip Tool (Like 7zip) to unpack the archive
cd dscjobs.py
py setup.py install
```

## Getting started
Okay, you installed dscjobs! Now it's time to get to coding:  
`from dscjobs.v2 import fetchUser, fetchReviews, fetchReview` 

***__v2 Functions__***

***`function `*`fetchUser`**
Retrieves a User's Stats from DscJobs API  
:param userID: A User ID. User must be registered on DscJobs  
:returns v2.User: A User with specified Stats  

***`function `*`fetchReviews`**
Retrieves a List of all Reviews the User has    
:param userID: A User ID. User must be registered on DscJobs  
:returns list[v2.Review]: Iterable of v2.Review's  


***`function `*`fetchReview`**
Retrieves a Review filtered by ID    
:param rev_id: The Review ID  
:returns v2.Review: v2.Review Instance, with the Review's Stats  


***__v2 ABCs__***

***`cls `*`User`**  
A User Object, generated by `~.fetchUser()`  
:param id: Used to Set the id of the user.  
:param banned: Used to Determine if the user is banned or not.  
:param staff: Used to Indicate whether the user is a moderator or not.  
:param premium: Used to Determine if the user is premium or not.  
:param lifetime: Used to Determine whether the user is a lifetime member or not.  
:param created_at: Used to Set the date when the user was created.  

***`cls `*`Review`**  
A Review Object, generated by `~.fetchReview()`  
:param user: A ~.User Object.    
:param content: The review's Content.    
:param likes: Review Like Count    
:param dislikes: Review Dislike Count    
:param reports: Review Reports.    
:param replies: Review repolies.    
:param date: A `datetime` object, telling when the Review was made    
:param rate: Review Rate    
:param pending: Is the review accepted yet?    
:param flagged: Is the review flagged?    
:param allowed: Is the review allowed?    


## v1 support dropped - now use .v2, please!
Since v1 is deprecated, you are recommended to use ~.v2.  
However, since I'm sure some People can use the old code somehow,  
It now rests in `dscjobs.v1`. R.I.P., v1
